---
layout: post
title: Memorize40

---

#Memory Verses
###Week of 05/21/2012 – 05/27/2012
**Matthew 28:18-20**
Then Jesus came to them and said, "All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.  Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you.  And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age."

**Luke 9:23**
Then he said to them all, "If anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me."

**John 3:16**
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.  For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
###Week of 05/28/2012 – 06/03/2012
**John 12:24-25**
I tell you the truth, unless a kernel of wheat falls to the ground and dies, it remains only a single seed. But if it dies, it produces many seeds.  The man who loves his life will lose it, while the man who hates his life in this world will keep it for eternal life.

**John 14:6**
Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.”

**John 15:5**
I am the vine you are the branches; if a man remains in me and I in him he will bear much fruit.  Apart from me you can do nothing.
###Week of 06/04/2012 – 06/10/2012
**Romans 1:16**
I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God for the salvation of everyone who believes - first for the Jew, then for the Gentile.

**Romans 3:23**
For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.

**Romans 5:8**
But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
###Week of 06/11/2012 – 06/17/2012
**Romans 6:23  **
For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.

**Romans 8:1-2**
Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus, because through Christ Jesus the law of the Spirit of life set me free from the law of sin and death.

**Romans 8:28**
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
###Week of 06/18/2012 – 06/24/2012
**Romans 8:37-39**
No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us.  For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers,  neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.

**Romans 12:1-2**
Therefore, I urge you, brothers, in view of God's mercy, to offer your bodies as living sacrifices, holy and pleasing to God - this is your spiritual act of worship.  Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.  Then you will be able to test and approve what God's will is - his good, pleasing and perfect will.

**1 Corinthians 2:2**
For I resolved to know nothing while I was with you except Jesus Christ and him crucified.
###Week of 06/25/2012 – 07/01/2012
**1 Corinthians 10:13**
No temptation has seized you except what is common to man. And God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it.

**1 Corinthians 15:58**
Therefore, my dear brothers, stand firm. Let nothing move you. Always give yourselves fully to the work of the Lord, because you know that your labor in the Lord is not in vain.

**2 Corinthians 5:17**
Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come!
###Week of 07/02/2012 – 07/08/2012
**Galatians 2:20**
I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me.  The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.

**Galatians 5:16-17**
So I say, live by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the sinful nature.  For the sinful nature desires what is contrary to the Spirit, and the Spirit what is contrary to the sinful nature.  They are in conflict with each other, so that you do not do what you want.

**Galatians 5:22-23**
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control.  Against such things there is no law.
###Week of 07/09/2012 – 07/15/2012
**Ephesians 2:8-10**
For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God - not by works, so that no one can boast.  For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.

**Ephesians 5:11**
Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.

**Philippians 1:6**
Being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
###Week of 07/16/2012 – 07/22/2012
**Philippians 3:7-8**
But whatever was to my profit I now consider loss for the sake of Christ.  What is more, I consider everything a loss compared to the surpassing greatness of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all things.  I consider them rubbish, that I may gain Christ.

**Philippians 4:6-7**
Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.  And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.

**Philippians 4:8**
Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable--if anything is excellent or praiseworthy--think about such things.
###Week of 07/23/2012 – 07/29/2012
**1 Thessalonians 5:16-18**
Be joyful always;  pray continually; give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus.

**2 Timothy 2:3-4**
Endure hardship with us like a good soldier of Christ Jesus.  No one serving as a soldier gets involved in civilian affairs - he wants to please his commanding officer.

**2 Timothy 2:15**
Do your best to present yourself to God as one approved, a workman who does not need to be ashamed and who correctly handles the word of truth
###Week of 07/30/2012 – 08/05/2012
**2 Timothy 3:16-17**
All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the man of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work.

**Hebrews 4:12**
For the word of God is living and active.  Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.

**Hebrews 4:15-16**
For we do not have a high priest who is unable to sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tempted in every way, just as we are - yet was without sin.  Let us then approach the throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need.
###Week of 08/06/2012 – 08/12/2012
**Hebrews 12:1-2**
Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us.  Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.

**1 Peter 2:9**
But you are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people belonging to God, that you may declare the praises of him who called you out of darkness into his wonderful light.

**1 Peter 5:8-9**
Be self-controlled and alert. Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour.  Resist him, standing firm in the faith, because you know that your brothers throughout the world are undergoing the same kind of sufferings.
###Week of 08/13/2012 – 08/17/2012
**1 John 1:9**
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.

**1 John 5:3**
This is love for God: to obey his commands. And his commands are not burdensome,

**1 John 5:13-15**
I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God so that you may know that you have eternal life.  This is the confidence we have in approaching God: that if we ask anything according to his will, he hears us.  And if we know that he hears us--whatever we ask--we know that we have what we asked of him.

**Revelation 3:20**
Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with him, and he with me.